Use replace to update lineage statement instead of elementtree.write (#96)
ASFHyP3/hyp3-OPERA-RTC: CHANGELOG.md

and this project adheres to [PEP 440](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0440/)
and uses [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.1.7]

### Fixed

> - Lineage update keep ISO XML file formatted the same as original file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix lineage statement replacement to keep ISO XML file formatted the same as original file
```
